Add prerequisites needed to build stratum-deps (#54)
ipdk-io/stratum-deps: docs/building-acc-target-deps.md

The Host and Target libraries must be the same version.

## Prerequisites

> It is assumed at the target-dependent's SDE (DPDK SDE or ES2K IPU SDE) dependencies have been installed on the system. The SDE's dependencies can be found in `sde/tools/setup/install_dep.py` file. Some of those dependencies also apply to this module. 

Reviewer: assumed that the

> It is assumed at the target-dependent's SDE (DPDK SDE or ES2K IPU SDE) dependencies have been installed on the system. The SDE's dependencies can be found in `sde/tools/setup/install_dep.py` file. Some of those dependencies also apply to this module. 

Reviewer: The list of SDE's...

> It is assumed at the target-dependent's SDE (DPDK SDE or ES2K IPU SDE) dependencies have been installed on the system. The SDE's dependencies can be found in `sde/tools/setup/install_dep.py` file. Some of those dependencies also apply to this module. 

Reviewer: instead of `this` module, suggest adding a module name

Install the following dependencies for building stratum-deps.

For Fedora:

```bash

> dnf install -y openssl openssl-devel

Reviewer: Should we add a note specifying recommended openssl version(3.1)?

Reviewer: Should we have sudo in these commands?

Author: hmmm I have followed similar commands as documented elsewhere. If user is non-admin, will need to have sudo privileges (should be self-evident to user). In addition a lot of user's functionality on platform assumes root privileges, so going to leave the `sudo` out of the install commands.

Re the OpenSSL 3.x -- theres a note below and also a link to the OpenSSL upgrade guide document -- I think thats sufficient.

The Host and Target libraries must be the same version.

## Prerequisites

> It is assumed that the target-specific SDE (DPDK SDE or ES2K IPU SDE)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is assumed that the dependencies for the target-specific SDE
```

> dependencies have been installed on the system. The list of dependencies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(DPDK, ES2K, or Tofino) have been installed on the system.
```

> can be found in `sde/tools/setup/install_dep.py` file. Some of those

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For DPDK and ES2K, the list of dependencies can be found in the `sde/tools/setup/install_py` file.
For Tofino, use the `p4studio dependencies list` command.
```

> dependencies also apply to stratum-deps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some of these dependencies also apply to stratum-deps.
```
